So I want to go to the map screen and I actually want to add a marker there right from the start which
is also something it doesn't support right now.
And that one to make sure that I can't pick a new location there.
So a couple of restrictions.
So when we click the map review on press I want to navigate to the different screen right.
So I'll add a new constant here to hold a function which will name show map handler.
Of course you could have also used to inline function and all connect the show map handler to my on
press prop here on map preview.
This will be triggered when we clicked the preview when we tap it.
And of course I want to navigate of course that can be done with props navigation navigate and then
go to the map screen.
The problem just is if we do it like this.
Unsurprisingly if we have a look at this on Android once this reloaded if I click on this I load the
maps screen but I don't have the place I selected preselected and I can also click here and save and
go back to my app place screen and that's definitely not how this should work.
So that's wrong.
Instead I want to pass some data to the map screen where I can for one set us to read only let's say
so I'll pass a read only prop and set this to true.
And I also want to set an initial location and set this to an object for example where I basically pass
in while this location I also show on the preview.
So this year I can cut it from there and create a new helper constant here select that location is no
justice here and I pass this as an initial location here to select a location and I pass it to my map
preview on the location prop.
And with that we're passing the data to the map screen.
We now need to use it there.
So we need to use the read only prop or param to make sure we can select the new place and initial location
to still have a marker in there right from the start.
So now to use all that information here in the map screen I can get my data from the parents I received.
So I get my initial location by accessing props navigation get param initial location which might be
set of course this also might be undefined but it also might be set and I get to read only with props
navigation gets param read only which also might be undefined.
Now the initial location can be used to initialize the state.
Now notice will not reinitiate ices whenever it is re renders but instead react manages to such that
this sets the initial state and for subsequent re render cycles does is simply ignored you could say
so now when we have an initial location our state will be initialized to that location which is great.
Now keep in mind that what I passed the initial location is of type object with lat and long.
And that of course should match what we manage with our state in here and that is the case because there
I also set my state to an object with left and long if it would be different you would need some logic
for normalizing this now read only the obvious thing I'm extracting and I can use this in a select location
handler which is the function that triggers whenever we press the map and there we can check if read
only is true and if it's undefined it will be false but if it's true I just return here which means
I don't continue I don't pick a new location with dad picking a location should be disabled.
Now I also want to get rid of the safe button if we have nothing to save.
So if we're in read only mode and we can't save anything so how to write should only be set.
If we're not and read only mode so here I'll also extract read only mode with the help of navigation.
Get param read only which I can do here as well of course.
And therefore now here if we're in read only mode if Data's true then the configuration I return is
an empty object.
So without any button let's give this a try.
Let's save it and go back and if I now click on this item here and I click on the map it opens but I
got no safe button and also no marker so that doesn't work but at least I can't select a new one that's
good but the marker is also not working now before we fix this.
Let's go to the new place screen and see if we dare can still set a marker and that is the case.
We can pick a place where the dad works.
So the only thing that doesn't really work is loading this map with a marker chosen and actually that's
not correct.
We do have a marker just not here on the screen we preselected in San Francisco if we go to the Google
plex
down there.
Here is the marker so it did save this.
It just didn't focus on that when we loaded it.
So that's a little tweak we should also add on the map screen there.
We should make sure that this map reach and we set here also takes the initial location into account.
If we have one so here the latitude we set initially.
Well if we do have an initial location then I want to use initial location dot let instead of the default
only use the default otherwise same of course for the long etude.
If we have an initial location I want to use the long etude of that initially instead of the default
now is that if we saved as we should be able to have a map which is automatically centered on our marker.
If we open it in the read only mode so here.
Indeed that works.
And if I of course add a new place that also still works there we open it on the on the default place.
So somewhere here in San Francisco this state for all works.
And now I just want to test it on some real devices before I wrap up this module.
And we're done with adding native device features to our ReACT native app.